mount: mount is a linux command used to mount partions on to the root filesystem. it takes the source of a partion and the location in the filesystem it is to be mounted

/etc/fstab: /etc/fstab is a file that the OS uses to decided which drives to mount and when. 

umount: umount is a command used to unmount filesystems safely to ensure no data lose.

lsof: lsof lists each open file on the machine this is used to know which files are open when trying to unmount a filesystem. it is important to note that you will need to filter
the output with a program like grep

fuser: fuser is a command similar to lsof, but it provides more information about the file including if the file is open for writing. This is useful in order to prevent data lose.

device identifier: The device identifier is a UUID to identify a device. This is how the /etc/fstab file knows which drives to mount

device name: The device name is the name of the device within the /dev directory. This can also be used to mount a drive in the /etc/fstab folder

labels: A drive can also be identified by a label that was set with the command e2label. This can also be used to mount a drive in the /etc/fstab folder

mount points: mount points are where in the root file system the drive will be mounted. meaning that if you mount a drive at /media/harddrive that is where you would access your
files on that drive

filesystem (type): This is the format of the filesystem ie ext4, ext3, etc

mount options: this secetion of /etc/fstab is used to select options that would normally be given to the mount command such as making a filesystem read only

dump: The dump option in the /etc/fstab file is used to declare which filesystems should be backed up by the dump command

fsck field: the fsck field option establishes how the filesystem will be treated by the fsck command

systemd mount units: a systemd mount unit is a file used to mount filesystems with systemd

loop option: the loop option is used to mount special filesystems that are stored within a file such as .iso or .img

df: The df command is used to view information about mounted filesystems

blkid: blkid is a command used to get the UUID, device name, and device label these can all be used to then mount the disk

swap space: Swap space drive space that is reserved for low prioty RAM. This can be used if the system is at full RAM use and needs some more. 

mkswap: The mkswap command in Linux is used to initialize a swap space on a block device or a file. It formats
the specified device or file as a swap space, enabling the Linux kernel to use it as virtual memory for storing inactive memory pages when physical RAM is full.
